Everyone's coming over, that's right
So boy
Hurry up and call out this jade seal
Otherwise, you won't be able to catch this hot potato.
I didn't expect this jade seal to be suppressed under the dragon vein
I think you want to take credit for it.
you
At this moment
I can rely on the jade seal
Break through to the division of the five realms
The law of speech has the appearance of the real law
Sorry, I have another use for this jade seal.
No loans
Do not lift
Oh, I see.
Really big deal
The minister has arrived in southern Xinjiang
I'll pick them up.
Grandpa
This is the ancient poison of Miao Jiang
This is a terminal illness, you are worthy of being the leader with one arrow
Don't see it at a glance
Please also save my grandfather
The old man is terminally ill
Mortal means
There's no cure.
grandstanding
A lifetime of deception
No, are you?
Don't worry, new lady
I'll do it.
Really? Excellent. Thank you.
There will be 5 million in this card
Take it quickly
You coaxed away
Why am I crying?
Why are you so stupid?
You think they'll let you live to Wuhan University
Is the elder coming?
Later, Zhao Hua can cure the disease
It's going to kill you.
Don't worry, he can't cure it.
Mom, I'm thirsty. I need a drink.
With this drop of blood
After drinking it lightly, it will be reborn
Becoming a grandmaster is also easy
Sister drink this
Drink it all
Ye Hua, when is this?
Why don't you know the severity and pay it off?